W 11932809 test and debug cv (#91)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.0/modules/ROOT/pages/running-workflows-and-using-workflow-run-results.adoc

> = Running Workflows and Viewing Workflow Run Results

Reviewer: there should be an intro sentence between the heading and command

To perform a test run of a Workflow in RPA Builder, click *Run Workflow* (image:run-process.png[The Run Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]) on the Workbench toolbar or press _F7_ on your keyboard.

> The RPA Builder window is hidden while the Workflow executes, so the engine can now use the mouse and keyboard just like a normal user would and you can watch to confirm if the Workflow performs correctly. Do not use the mouse or keyboard while the Workflow is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RPA Builder window is hidden while the Workflow executes, so the engine can now use the mouse and keyboard just like a normal user would and you can watch to confirm if the Workflow performs correctly. Do not use the mouse or keyboard while the Workflow runs.
```

Depending on the settings you made for the *Show Message boxes* value in the _Project Properties_, additional information may appear during the run. Note that every message box takes a few seconds to disappear, which causes a corresponding pause in the Workflow and affects measured times and Workflow stability.

> Before using a Workflow for productive measurement, turn off debug message boxes and perform at least one test run afterward.

Reviewer: Can you just say "turn off debug messages" --if you can ditch box, also do so on line 7

> == Pause or Exit a Workflow Run

Reviewer: there should be an intro sentence between the heading and command

To pause or exit the Workflow during the execution:

. Click the (image:test-script-tray-icon.png[Test script tray button, 2%, 2%]) tray icon.
. Select either *Script Paused* or *Exit*.
+
image:test-tray-options.png[The test script tray icon showing the Script Paused and Exit options, 25%, 25%]

Pressing _Pause/Break_ on your keyboard also stops a running Workflow.

== The Workflow Run Results Panel

> After you execute a Workflow from within RPA Builder by clicking Run Workflow (image:run-process.png[The Run Workflow icon, 2%, 2%]), information about the last run displays in the Workflow Run Results panel at the end of the RPA Builder screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you execute a Workflow from within RPA Builder, information about the last run displays in the Workflow Run Results panel at the end of the RPA Builder screen:
```

Reviewer: I don't think you need to repeat this

image:workflow-run-results-window.png[The Workflow Run Results window, 80%, 80%]

> This information helps identify problems and their causes in your Workflow much more quickly. If you do not see the Workflow Run Results window, click *Show Workflow Run Results* in the menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information helps you quickly identify problems and their causes in your Workflow. If you do not see the Workflow Run Results window, click *Show Workflow Run Results* in the menu bar.
```

Reviewer: I might avoid the word "quickly" because it's potentially subjective

The Workflow Run Results window lists information about measured response times, found images, errors that occurred, and captured screenshots. You can double-click an entry to navigate to its corresponding Workflow element.

=== Identifying Errors

> 

Reviewer: there should be an intro sentence here

Workflow elements that failed to execute successfully and caused an error are marked red:

image:workflow-run-error.png[The Activity Workflow window showing the Workflow element that failed marked in red, 50%, 50%]

> Click on the expander arrows to get more detailed information about the error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the expander arrows to get more detailed information about the error:
```

image:workflow-run-error-detail.png[The Activity Workflow window showing the additional details for the Workflow element that failed, 75%, 75%]

This panel provides detailed information about what failed. In this case, the _Web Session (Firefox)_ Action Step cannot start because it is not installed in the computer that is executing the test run for the Workflow.

> In addition, the error screenshot is displayed showing the desktop as it looked when the error occurred. The screenshot can be enlarged by clicking on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the error screenshot shows the desktop as it looked when the error occurred. Click the screenshot to enlarge it.
```

== Opening the Trace Log

> The Trace Log contains even more detailed information about the last run. To open the Trace Log, click *Open Trace Log* in the Tools submenu inside the Workbench toolbar:

Reviewer: I think this first sentence here is a good example of a short intro sentence

> The Trace Log contains even more detailed information about the last run. To open the Trace Log, click *Open Trace Log* in the Tools submenu inside the Workbench toolbar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trace Log contains even more detailed information about the last run. 
To open the Trace Log, click *Open Trace Log* in the Tools submenu inside the Workbench toolbar:
```
